Get rid of numpy.distutils (#2149)
serge-sans-paille/pythran: docs/DEVGUIDE.rst

----------

``pythran`` uses the ``unittest`` module and the `pytest
<http://pytest.org/latest/>`_ package to manage test cases.

> All requirementsa r elisted in ``pythran/tests/requirements.txt``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All requirements are listed in ``pythran/tests/requirements.txt``.
```
